Oh my name is Carmen Berkeley professor
of North American literary and cultural
studies for the different study programs
such as the teacher's degree program all
the bachelors and masters programs we
offer a broad variety of issues and
topics starting with for example
Christopher Columbus and Pocahontas and
moving all the way up to Barack Obama
today he will find serve a lecture
classes on American literature culture
and history and seminars on questions of
American multiculturalism the purity of
ethnic groups General Studies on Ernest
Hemingway Edgar Allen Poe and Toni
Morrison and also on aspects of popular
culture such as American TV series the
new dawn of vampire literature film
rogue movies or 9/11 and New York City
to name but a few
and as you can see we also focus on
media other than literature for example
in the visual conscious television film
and painting but also on music in the
course catalog he will therefore find
classes on popular American icons such
as Elvis Presley Marilyn Manson or
Madonna as well as on recent TV series
such as the very popular How I Met Your
Mother
Sex and the City Madman True Blood House
MD or The Cosby Show and many more my
name is Sonya Phillips and I'm the
person you will meet when you are
interested in British literature and
here especially in Shakespeare and the
early modern period in my seminars on
drama always combine the aspects of page
that is the text and stage that is the
representation of texts in the theatre
and also offer excursions to
stratford-upon-avon and London for
instance in addition to Shakespeare and
his contemporaries I'm also happy to
teach courses on the 18th century on
children's literature school and
university novels on poetry throughout
the centuries and last but not least on
postmodern drama with particular
reference to the format's criticism hi
I'm Jurgen hunt ger
perhaps you already know me from YouTube
where my lectures
can be watched freely my teaching
concept is special you can access all
you need on the web in a multimedia
format on our virtual English 6 campus
or in the form of videos in our YouTube
channel and when we meet in class we'll
practice together and work with data I'm
sure you like that
well my topic is linguistics the study
of languages fascinating I can tell you
for example did you know that English
has 20 vowels do you understand the two
interpretations of chasing girls if you
do you'll be of great help to me in my
in class meetings and if you don't I'll
tell you so see you soon hello my name
is wife Ryan and I work in the field of
English linguistics and together we'll
explore the English language and we look
at English from three different
perspectives
the first is we'll look at English as an
abstract system that consists of
different elements which can combine to
form larger elements which then work
together it's a bit like looking at the
motor of a car and trying to identify
its components and how they interact we
also look at English from the
perspective of a tool that is how we use
English for instance how English is used
to influence people and politics and
advertising finally we also look at
English from a psycholinguistics
perspective that is how the English
language is represented in your mind and
this also involves thinking about good
and efficient ways of teaching English
as a second language that's it it's fun
thanks hello my name is Martin Kistner
and I'm the resident Marburg specialist
in modern British and post-colonial
literature and especially in Canadian
Studies one of my research areas is the
work of the 17th century writer John
Milton and I mostly teach British and
post-colonial literature's from the 17th
century onwards up to the very present I
tried to put these into a comparative
European context whenever possible I'm
also the director of the Marburg Centre
for Canadian Studies an
interdisciplinary center studying the
literature's languages media politics
and geography of Canada the Marburg
Center is also cooperating with teachers
and schools all over
hessin I have published and/or edited
several books on British and Canadian
topics and I hope I can infect you with
my enthusiasm for writing in English
whether it comes from the British Isles
from Canada or from the new literature's
in English if you love reading and
discovering new and exciting texts from
the english-speaking world or
rediscovering older but nevertheless
fascinating ones from the past Marburg
and it's English department are the
place for you